well howdy there I don't have peopleís
bow again did that video on sexual
assault and I brought up Cavanaugh man
comments section is filled filled with
people talking about the presumption
innocence I didn't anticipate that I
didn't anticipate it for two reasons one
it's a job interview not a legal
proceeding and to you know mr. Cavanaugh
supports the ability of law enforcement
to stop you on the street demand your
identification and then pack you down
and search you do you know that he
supports the National Security Agency
collecting metadata on you through a
warrantless search you know he was
apparently complicit in the indefinite
detention of hundreds of innocent people
you know that he apparently lied during
his first confirmation hearings about
that same subject and later on you know
he said sinner says I don't know
anything about it later on it turns out
that he was actually like you know I
don't know that the America that the
Supreme Court would be okay with
detaining people without a lawyer
it is important to talk about the
presumption of innocence
it's a cornerstone of the American
justice system it's extremely important
y'all covered that in the comment
section you know who doesn't get it who
does not get the presumption of
innocence a man who spent his entire
career trying to undermine it a man who
has gutted the Fourth Amendment and
almost every chance he had seems odd
seems odd that all of a sudden he cares
seems odd that people would bring that
up in his defense it's almost like they
aren't familiar with his rulings
it's almost like the only reason they
support the candidate denomination of
this man to go on a court whose entire
job is to safeguard the Constitution of
the United States to include the Fourth
Amendment is that it's party politics
see here's the thing this is the reason
America has gone so far so quickly down
the toilet because of this party
politics are playing one side against
the other everybody's always willing to
sign away somebody else's rights because
they don't think it's going to apply to
them here's the thing guys in just a few
years it's not gonna be a Republican
president it's gonna be a Democrat and
all the executive power that Cavan all
grants to Trump that's gonna be in the
hands of some Democrat might even be
Hillary Clinton and if you don't kill
yourself on the night that she's elected
you're gonna have to live with that
knowing that somebody that doesn't
believe in the fourth amendment that has
done everything he can to undermine your
presumption of innocence is sitting on
the Supreme Court
it's just a thought
something you need to think about you
can sit there and you can wave your flag
and you can talk about making America
great again don't expect anybody who
knows anything about this man's rulings
or knows anything about the Constitution
knows anything about the Supreme Court
to believe a word you say you've bought
into bumper-sticker politics and you're
trading away your country for a red hat
y'all have a good night